Now that we've reached the end
of this first section,
I'm gonna do a very quick recap
and also talk a little bit about what's ahead of us
on the next one or two sections.
So over the last 20 lectures or so,
you already learned a bunch of really cool stuff.
So you learned how to read files, how to write files,
you learned how to import modules from Node's core
or your own modules or even third-party modules.
Then you learned how to create a web server,
like we did here.
In there we did some nice routing.
We did templating.
And we built this really nice website here
which I think is pretty cool.
So that's a pretty great result
for just this small amount of lectures, I hope.
Congratulations really on finishing this section
and doing great work and great progress.
I hope all of this made sense to you
and that you came out of this very first section
already with some good fundamentals about Node.js.
If you feel like it,
you can go ahead
and create a small demo project for yourself
using what you learned here
and I think that that would be a nice challenge
and a great exercise for yourself as well.
Now next up,
we actually have two sections
which are actually a bit more theoretical.
The first one is about backend web development
and the second one is a deep look behind the scenes
of how Node.js really works.
There's also some coding in there.
But mostly they are really theoretical.
And I did include them
because I really want you to deeply understand
how Node.js works
and all my students,
or at least most of them,
really love these kind of videos in all my other courses.
So, of course, I had to also include them in this course.
And they are, in fact,
really important for you to understand
not only how Node works behind the scenes
but also to get a better understanding
of all the rest of the material
that's gonna be in the rest of the course.
It took me a lot of time to put together these videos.
Actually a couple of months, to be honest.
And they follow a very logical and clear structure
so one topic builds on top of the other.
So to make your learning experience as smooth as possible.
And so I really hope that you do like them
and that you do not skip them.
Now if you're the kind of person
that really does not like to learn about the theory of stuff
please just go ahead and skip these sections
and go straight into the section
where we start learning about Express.
It's really just better than leaving a bad review
like some people do.
But in case you're interested
in really knowing how Node works
then come with me into this deep dive
that we're gonna start right in the next section.
See you there.